always in our game it's when we make the
game every year it's always a one of our
directives to listen to the feedback
that I get from the community and some
of the things that they were complaining
about in fifa 10 for the cpu was how
potent he was in front of the goal so
we've got a lot of work to improve his
shot decision and how how effective he
is on one-on-ones especially on the
professional difficulty level so that
when he does give it when you do give up
a chance and he does get in on goal he's
gonna he's going to take the chance more
often than not it obviously makes for a
more challenging experience and at the
higher levels obviously you really got
to be on your guard to make sure you're
not giving up good chances and cpu as
for some new things that I think we're
adding that I think we're innovating on
the cpu I in a couple ways one of them
that is really cool to me I've always
liked possession football I'm an arsenal
fan so so when I when I play the game
and I'm playing against the cpu in times
past in previous years it was very very
attacking mine it would get forward all
the time but it wasn't always as patient
as we would like so we've implemented
some features about keeping possession
this year so that he's a little more
calm depending especially depending on
the custom tactics that you set up but
if you have a possession style fee he's
a little more calm on the ball and
willing to wait for his opportunity so
you quite often see him swinging the
ball around the back line teasing it
into the center of the park and then
coming back out and and then and making
the decision to keep possession of the
squad so that's quite cool
differentiating the different styles of
plays in the different leagues so you
get a lot of variety when you're playing
different opponents
personality plus is one of our big
features this year we're trying to
really work hard on the attributes and
make players feel like their real life
counterparts so this is really cool for
us on the cpu GPU AI side of things
because when you're playing against the
cpu better dribblers will do more trying
to take you on we had a feature or one
of the decisions that cpu has to make is
whether or not I'm safe so as he's
dribbling around the pitch he needs to
make a decision do I pass do I continue
to dribble do I turn away and one of the
ways he does this is he has something
that we call a safe zone where as a as
an apple and an opponent will approach
him he'll determine whether he's
becoming safe for now and this logic in
past years has been very generic so
everybody safe zone was relatively
similar this meant that it didn't matter
if you I Cristiano Ronaldo on the ball
or messy on the ball versus Rio
Ferdinand or richard donner's are
somebody that really wouldn't try and
take somebody off but this year were
dynamically changing the size of that
safe zone based on the players attribute
so players like Messi and Cristiano
Ronaldo will still try and dribble out
of tight situations like they do in the
real world so it's cool it brings
another little bit of character to the
CPU AI when you're playing against them
and these guys might try and take you on
and you might be a little bit surprised
of what they can do so it's quite cool
when you're playing against a CPU
sometimes it's a little bit humbling and
so I'm quite excited about that feature
you search